Add tokens.css in Vibe 2.0 (#1323)
mondaycom/monday-ui-react-core: README.md

| --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- | --------- |
| 18+ | last 4 versions| last 4 versions| 12.1+| last 2 versions| last 2 versions| last 2 versions |

## Installation

Install the component library

```
$ npm install monday-ui-react-core
```

## Usage

### ESM imports (recommended)

> You can import from the main bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components are imported from the library's root entry:
```

```javascript
import { Button } from "monday-ui-react-core";
```

> You also need to import CSS tokens file to your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order for all fonts and colors to be loaded, you should import the CSS tokens at the root of your application file
```

```javascript
import "monday-ui-react-core/tokens";
```

> ### CommonJS imports (will be deprecated soon)

Reviewer: I think this should all be removed to a different markdown file and not be part of the main README since we don't want people to use it.

Under the "Usage" section write something like "If your project is importing files differently - read more here" and link to that page.

You might want to import directly the component from the dist folder

```javascript
import Button from "monday-ui-react-core/dist/Button";
```

Then you also need to import Main CSS file to your project

```javascript 
import "monday-ui-react-core/dist/main.css"

> ```

Author: Please check these changes @shlomitc
